WIP: PBS-to-Slurm adaptation (#306)
hpcleuven/VscDocumentation: source/leuven/wice_quick_start.rst

It can be used for most workloads, and has nodes with a lot of memory, as well as 
nodes with GPUs.

It does not have separate login nodes and can be accessed from the 
:ref:`Genius login nodes <tier2_login_nodes>`.

.. _running jobs on wice:

Running jobs on wICE
----------------------

There are several type of nodes in the wICE cluster: normal compute nodes, GPU nodes, 
big memory nodes and nodes configured for interactive use. 
The resources specifications for jobs have to be tuned to use these nodes properly.

In general, the maximum walltime for wICE jobs is 3 days (72 hours). 
Only jobs submitted to the ``batch_long`` partition are allowed to have walltimes up to 
7 days (168 hours), as illustrated below.

Similar to Genius, wICE uses Slurm as the workload manager. 
More information about converting pbs scripts and commands into Slurm can be found 
:ref:`here <Antwerp Slurm_convert_from_PBS>`.

.. _submit to wice compute node:

Submit to a compute node
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

In these examples, the submission will be done from login nodes of the Genius cluster, 
therefore you always need to explicitly specify the cluster you want to use.

> The relevant option for that is ``-M|--cluster`` which takes ``whice`` or ``genius`` as
> a valid value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The relevant option for that is ``-M|--cluster`` which takes ``wice`` or ``genius`` as
a valid value.
```

To submit to a compute node you need to provide the required number of nodes and cores. 
For example to request 2 nodes with each 72 cores for 2 hours you can submit like this::

   $ sbatch --cluster=wice --nodes=2 --ntasks-per-node=72 --time=2:00:00  -A lp_myproject  myjobscript.slurm
   

> More information about accounting used on wice can be found on :ref:`Leuven accounting <accounting_leuven>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More information about accounting used on wice can be found on the :ref:`Leuven accounting <accounting_leuven>`
```

   debugging, or visualization. 
   This is the reason why the amount of resources you can get in a job is limited on the interactive partition. In case you must do heavy computational work in an interactive way, it is also possible to submit interactive jobs to the other partitions. For instance suppose you need to debug a program using more than 8 cores. In that case you can use the command above to run an interactive job, changing the partition to ``batch``, ``gpu``, or ``bigmem`` and adapting the resources as needed.  Do note that in general it is recommended to run heavy computational work in a script which you run as a batch job (so without opening an interactive terminal on the compute node).

.. note::

   We urge our users to recompile their software on wICE.
   Using a software on wICE which is formerly compiled on Genius can lead to confusing
   error messages, specifically in case of MPI applications.
   This is true even for (mini)conda environments.
   So, as a general rule of thumb, we propose that your software (including conda) be 
   recompiled on wICE and put in a separate folder to distinguish the build from existing

>    software that suit Genius.

Author: Given that I branched off from the `development` branch, I did not have stuff from the `master` branch. 
I am also not gonna merge master into this branch, to avoid conflicts and wasted time to resolve all those conflicts.
I keep this comment open, and will cover this suggestion in another PR. This is already noted in the description of the current PR.

>    software that suit Genius.

Reviewer: Fair enough (though there is not much risk in locally git-pulling the master branch into your feature branch; if there are too many conflicts you can still abort it)

Submit to a GPU node
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The GPU nodes are located in the ``gpu`` partition, so you will need to explicitly specify 
it when submitting your job. 

> We also configured the GPU nodes as shared resources, meaning that different users can 
> simultaneously use a portion of the same node. 

Reviewer: Similar suggestion as for Genius earlier:
```suggestion
Similar to the other nodes, the GPU nodes can be shared by different jobs from different users.
```

Author: done
